hi I'm Carl Taylor and this episode is
sponsored by Squarespace here's my
commercial photography website
it's the Squarespace one and I
absolutely love it
they're easy to set up they look amazing
there are hundreds of templates to
choose from and they have first-class
customer support if you want one too
then use this URL and the coupon code
Carl to get a 10% discount
hi I'm Carl Taylor do you remember this
beautiful lady this one we did for this
amazing shoot this one here she is tada
this is Sophie our lovely model she's
back with us today and what we're going
to do is a little video clip on beauty
shots but with a difference what I want
to show you is how a beautiful girl like
this who's got no makeup on at all at
the moment look at that no makeup
amazing right we're going to take a shot
under normal light just daylight no
makeup then I'm going to take a shot
under all these fancy studio lights and
a Beauty lighting set up with no makeup
then Sophie's going to put some makeup
on we're going to take the same shot
again and then I'm going to
post-production work on it Photoshop
work on it and make it look even better
not that we need to improve on that
obviously but just to show you the
difference between no makeup makeup and
Photoshop and the power of photography
good lighting and post-production let's
see what we can do okay so just put
Sophie in front of the window daylight
coming in no I'm not really
concentrating on it at all I'm just
going to go to the same shooting angle
same lens and everything and shoot
Sophie straight on as we will in the
other shots so just getting that focused
on Sophie's eyes take the picture and
that is our natural light you know
makeup shot and then we'll now move on
to the other ones okay so I've got a
para 133 bron color para light fantastic
Beauty light tri reflector bounces a
little bit of light up under the chin
sides of the face i'm using a beauty
dish with a honeycomb grid as a hair
light and a standard dish on a bron
color pull so g light on the background
to give me a graduated glow nice simple
straight on beauty lighting set up our
lovely model Sophie still has no makeup
on believe it or not just going to take
a square on portrait of her with no
makeup then she's going to do a makeup
and we'll do exactly the same shot again
okay that's it time straight meat focus
and there we go
and again okay that should do us thank
you so you can put your makeup on now
Sophie's back and this time she's got a
war paint on so we're going to take
exactly the same shot we've got the same
lighting setup everything is the same
going to get the same shot with the
makeup version okay darling let's just
get you in focus tit lovely just a
couple more beautiful there we go
excellent so that's it we're going to
take these shots and I'm going to polish
one of those shots in Photoshop and then
we'll be out of preview look at all the
differences over those different stages
you
for more great photography tips visit
our website Carl Taylor photography.com
Oh
you